documentation release v1 (#1012)
TimDettmers/bitsandbytes: docs/source/algorithms.mdx

# Other algorithms
_WIP: Still incomplete... Community contributions would be greatly welcome!_

> This is an overview of the algorithms in `bitsandbytes` that we think would also be useful as standalone entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an overview of the functional API in `bitsandbytes` that we think would also be useful as standalone entities.
```
I would rather call that a section about functional APIs no?
